adding multiuser documentation SOFTWARE-4259 (#752)
opensciencegrid/docs: docs/data/xrootd/install-storage-element.md

root@host # service frm_purged start
```

### (Optional) Enabling xrootd-multiuser

> The `xrootd-multiuser` plugin makes the files written through XRootD to be owned by the writting user instaead of the `xrootd` user(default).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `xrootd-multiuser` plugin makes the files written through XRootD to be owned by the writing user instead of the `xrootd` user (default).
```

For the above to work, it is necessary to install the `xrootd-multiuser` package:

    yum install xrootd-multiuser

and start the `xrootd` server in privileged mode as follows:

    systemctl start xrootd-privileged@clustered

or

    systemctl start xrootd-privileged@standalone

depending on wheter you are deploying an XRootD cluster or a single standalone XRootD server.

> !!! note "Notice"
>     This is not useful when XRootD is used for read-only.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
!!! note
    This is not necessary when XRootD is used for read-only access
```
